W-16267710-min-mule-version-asyncapi-duke Update imp-asyncapi.adoc (#339)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/imp-asyncapi.adoc

include::reuse::partial$beta-banner.adoc[tag="anypoint-code-builder"]

[[intro]]

> Anypoint Code Builder supports the implementation of AsyncAPI 2.6 and 2.0 specifications in projects running on Mule 4.6 or later. When creating an implementation project, Anypoint Code Builder imports and scaffolds an AsyncAPI specification that is hosted on Anypoint Exchange into an API interface that you can implement. 

Author: ```suggestion
Anypoint Code Builder supports the implementation of AsyncAPI 2.6 and 2.0 specifications in projects running on Mule 4.6 or later. When creating an implementation project, Anypoint Code Builder imports and scaffolds an AsyncAPI specification that is hosted on Anypoint Exchange into an implementation project that you can develop further according to your business needs. 
```

> Anypoint Code Builder supports the implementation of AsyncAPI 2.6 and 2.0 specifications in projects running on Mule 4.6 or later. When creating an implementation project, Anypoint Code Builder imports and scaffolds an AsyncAPI specification that is hosted on Anypoint Exchange into an implementation project that you can develop further according to your business needs. 

Author: ```suggestion
Anypoint Code Builder supports the implementation of AsyncAPI 2.6 and 2.0 specifications in projects running on Mule runtime version 4.6 or later. When creating an implementation project, Anypoint Code Builder imports and scaffolds an AsyncAPI specification that is hosted on Anypoint Exchange into an implementation project that you can develop further according to your business needs. 
```
